`no-useless-spread`: Check cloning inline arrays (#1980)
sindresorhus/eslint-plugin-unicorn: docs/rules/no-useless-spread.md

  - Spread an array literal as elements of an array literal
  - Spread an array literal as arguments of a call or a `new` call
  - Spread an object literal as properties of an object literal

>   - Use spread syntax to clone an immediate array

Author: How should we call this? It's a newly created array, can't be used anywhere else.

>   - Use spread syntax to clone an immediate array

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Using spread syntax to clone an inline array
```

?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Use spread syntax to clone an array created inline
```
